feat: add $log rune (#9670)
sveltejs/svelte: sites/svelte-5-preview/src/routes/docs/content/01-api/02-runes.md

	}
};
```

## `$log`

> The `$log` rune is roughly equivalent to `console.log`, with the exception that when anything passed to the
> rune changes, the latest values will be logged out. `$log` tracks reactive state deeply, meaning that mutating
> something from with an object or array using fine-grain reactivity will be tracked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `$log` rune is roughly equivalent to `console.log`, with the exception that it will re-run whenever the
arguments change. `$log` tracks reactive state deeply, meaning that updating something inside an object
or array using [fine-grained reactivity](/docs/fine-grained-reactivity) will update the logs.
```

```svelte
<script>
	let count = $state(0);

	$log({ count }); // will console.log when count changes
</script>

<button onclick={() => count++}>Increment</button>
```

> `$log` only works during development.

## `$log.break`

This works just like `$log`, except runtime execution will be paused via a `debugger` statement.

```svelte
<script>
	let count = $state(0);

	$log.break({ count });
</script>

<button onclick={() => count++}>Increment</button>
```

## `$log.table`

This works just like `$log`, but triggers `console.table` instead of `console.log`.

```svelte
<script>
	let count = $state(0);

	$log.table({ count });
</script>

<button onclick={() => count++}>Increment</button>
```

## `$log.trace`

> This works just like `$log`, but in addition to logging the values, it will also trace
> any mutations to fine-grain reactive state and log the sourcecode location to help find
> the cause for something changing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This works just like `$log`, but in addition to logging the values themselves it will pinpoint the
line of code that triggered the update.
```
